under_construction
==================

This GEM provides some generators to simplify managing and creating Under Construction
or coming soon page.

features:

* Automatically edits files to redirect all requests to under construction page
* Ability to schedule for removing redirects in a specific launch time
* Save emails in a text file to send newsletters
* Generator for stopping redirects(manual option)
* Including (currently) one free UnderConstruction template

Install
=======

In Rails 3, simply add the GEM to your gemfile:

     gem 'under_construction'

Then run the `config` generator. This will edit your `application_controller` to
redirect all the URLs to under construction page (make a config file before, see `config` section)

    rails g under_construction:config

For removing configs you have to use `clear` generator:

    rails g under_construction:clear

Note: the clear generator won't work if you edit the codes generated by `config`, 
you need to manually remove them later.

Config
======

Put your configs in config/under_construction.yml file and edit it as you wish. Depending
on the theme using, not all options may be used:

    theme: 'site-under-construction'
    launch_time: "May 27 7pm"
    progress: "60" # Percent
    progress_label: "Progress"
    website_address: "http://example.com"
    info:
      site_title: "My Website"
      logo_url: "logo.png"
      email: "support@example.com"
      phone: "phone : 555-123456"
      heading: "This website is under construction"
      counter_heading: "Estimated Time Remaining Before Launch:"
      about_title: "Some words about us"
      about_content: |
                      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. 
                      Phasellus hendrerit. Pellentesque aliquet nibh nec urna. I
                      n nisi neque, aliquet vel, dapibus id, mattis vel, nisi.
      inform_by_email: "Type your email id to get the updates!"
      email_field_value: "Enter Your E-mail"
      copyright: "Copyright &copy;"
    site_developer:
      name: "Great Developer"
    socials_title: "You may find us below:"
    socials:
      twitter: "#" #Full URL: twitter.com/great_developer
      facebook: "#"
      yahoo: "#"
      # stumbleupon: "#"
      flickr: "#"
      #google: "#"
      youtube: "#"
      skype: "#"
      deviantart: "#"
      identica: "#"
    notify_mail:
      sender_email_address: "noreply@example.com"
      email_subject: "My Website just launched!"

Schedule
========

This will schedule to run `clear` generator in the time mentioned in your yaml config file. Run the `schedule` generator:

    rails g under_construction:schedule

you need to restart the rails server for scheduler to be able to initialize.

Send notifications
==================

Email of those who have submited their email in the under construction page will be saved in a simple text file under `db/under_construction_mails.txt`. There's a rake task that automatically reads the file and sends notification mails:

    rake under_construction:send_mails

Contribute
==========

* Fork
* Change
* Test
* Pull request

LICENSE
=======
This project is a gem for under construction page in rails.
    Copyright (C) 2012  Naqsh Jahan Toos Inc.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
